hello and welcome to london film and
Kali card are you enjoying the comic-con
so far
you're really tall and kind of
intimidating as well how do you drink of
water do you drink it through this this
little math thing is you put a straw in
your mouth and just drink and you have a
drink in there oh that's really cool
look yeah it's a drink in here it goes
up to that isn't that a bit close to
your you know your your area for us god
that's a great hammer where did you get
the hammer from stocks online come
online okay I thought of what you're
going to say was forged from the Sun or
dying star that's a long stick
don't know me with that please I'll try
not to ok I want to walk away I'm going
to walk away I'm gonna walk ok I'm sorry
hi everyone hello miss alien how are you
today
is that does that mean you're fine he's
fine everyone I like your little dog
collar here is it Abe hello aid how do
you raise are you well good a kid a
guitar he's a friendly alien good oh oh
oh what's that what's that was I go get
it thank you so where do you come as
today
ah
you haven't had a shower today have you
made
I can recommend a good dentist for these
I just want to ask you one thing what
happened to your face most want to ask
you the serum oh kool hello there how
are you today
why is everyone attacking me know and
you can't do this to me now please I
want to live
so obviously I'm going to ask you this
one thing and one thing only till tell
us a riddle ah what walks on four then
two then three
the fact that monkey from the evolution
pictures oh no it's man you stopped a
baby crawling on all fours and then you
move out 22 feet and then when you're
older the other came
that was terrible mi what would you say
if I told you I know who you are under
that mask
clearly not much
don't hurt me so i built there's a few
brutal murders around in the local area
i was wondering do you know anything
about that are you sure because they
said the criminal was dressed in black
and i had a white mask
I love this convention
deadly creature
so you look very blue today thank you
I'm a lady from Hercules Oh in that
version she's got a whole list
nice i don't what he said oh yes please
i shall sign it so my soul don't your
name is your show I night myself gonna
give you hustle in giving her shop yeah
how about giving us our ppl so
dominatrix is that what you used to
dominate your enemies yeah how's Joker
the j-man mr. chase geoff gray is he as
he killed anyone recently jamin doesn't
kill anybody he's a nice guy any big
plans big plans and no don't wander
around see what i can see kill whoever
you want
and what the Jane and said ah so he's
like your pimp he's not my pic
hello
are you enjoying yourself so far
everyone everyone and Princess Leia
bincer snail how did you escape to quit
doing ah bechain action-reaction giggity
interesting lightsaber yeah it's kind of
broken yeah it's kind of faded with life
I need to get anyone Warren is bounded
better
bye
demonstrate the appropriate hitting
technique with a hammer of that size if
you will please right that's all we have
time for today we have been at london
film and comic con 2013 it's been a
great day we've had some great costumes
and yeah it's just been great overall so
far as well
Oh